Ye Xian
Do you want to practice with your sister?
Practice together
How to practice, of course, I will teach you hand in hand
As long as you promise
sixth year
You, you, you are forced to have big breasts and no brains
Your methods are too much like Sanlai
What do you know, I'm all memory books
I have big boobs and no brains
Better than you, Princess Taiping
You borrow money
It's your turn to give an answer
I know my brother owes you a lot
But if you have anything, I will help you.
This time, Sister Ming proposed it first.
So I have to agree to his request first.
Looks like I won
Wait for me to change clothes.
I'll take you into town later
Hey
Hey, you're really leaving.
Ah you pay the debt
I'll get the cigarette money back sooner or later, you wait for me